Add generics concept and concept exercise (#532)
exercism/elm: exercises/concept/treasure-chest/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise you're going to write a generic (/ magical!) TreasureChest, to store some treasure.

## 1. Define the TreasureChest generic custom type

Define a `TreasureChest` custom type with a single variant.

> The variant should have an associated String value, which will be used to store the password of the treasure chest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variant should have an associated `String` value, which will be used to store the password of the treasure chest.
```

> The variant should also have an associate generic value, which will be used to store the treasure. This value is generic so that the treasure can be anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variant should also have an associate generic value, which will be used to store the treasure.
This value is generic so that the treasure can be anything.
```

Reviewer: @ceddlyburge you missed some of the comments, I think you didn't click "load more" to see them all.

## 2. Define the getTreasure function

This function should take two parameters

> - a String (for the passwordAttempt)
> - a TreasureChest generic custom type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a `String` (for trying a password)
- a `TreasureChest` generic custom type
```

> This function should check the provided passwordAttempt against the String in the TreasureChest.
> 
> The function should return a `Maybe`
> 
> If the passwords match then return `Just` with the generic value from the TreasureChest (the treasure!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function should check the provided password attempt against the `String` in the `TreasureChest`.

The function should return a `Maybe`.

If the passwords match then return `Just` with the generic value from the `TreasureChest` (the treasure!)
```
